Add code of conduct (#932)
aesara-devs/aesara: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

  depend on the work of others. Any decision you take will affect users and
  colleagues, and you should take those consequences into account when making
  decisions. Remember that we're a world-wide community, so you might not be
  communicating in someone else's primary language.

- __Be respectful.__ Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is no
  excuse for poor behavior and poor manners. We might all experience some
  frustration now and then, but we cannot allow that frustration to turn into a
  personal attack. It’s important to remember that a community where people feel
  uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one. Members of the Aesara
  community should be respectful when dealing with other members as well as with
  people outside the Aesara community.

- __Be careful in the words that you choose.__ We are a community of professionals,
  and we conduct ourselves professionally. Be kind to others. Do not insult or
  put down other participants. Harassment and other exclusionary behavior aren't
  acceptable. This includes, but is not limited to:

    - Violent threats or language directed against another person.

>     - Discriminatory jokes and language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Discriminatory jokes and language (e.g. the use of racist and sexist terms).
```

    - Posting sexually explicit or violent material.
    - Posting (or threatening to post) other people's personally identifying
      information ("doxing").

>     - Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Personal insults of any sort.
```

    - Unwelcome sexual attention.
    - Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior.
    - Repeated harassment of others. In general, if someone asks you to stop,
      then stop.

- __When we disagree, try to understand why.__ Disagreements, both social and
  technical, happen all the time and Aesara is no exception. It is important
  that we resolve disagreements and differing views constructively. Remember

>   that we’re different. The strength of Aesara comes from its varied community,
>   people from a wide range of backgrounds. Different people have different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that we’re different. Aesara benefits from its varied community and
  people from a wide range of backgrounds. Different people have different
```
